c:\users\mjs\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GuestResponseMvc\GuestResponseMvc\bin\GuestResponseMvc.dll.config
c:\users\mjs\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GuestResponseMvc\GuestResponseMvc\bin\GuestResponseMvc.dll
c:\users\mjs\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GuestResponseMvc\GuestResponseMvc\bin\GuestResponseMvc.pdb
c:\users\mjs\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GuestResponseMvc\GuestResponseMvc\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\mjs\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GuestResponseMvc\GuestResponseMvc\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\mjs\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GuestResponseMvc\GuestResponseMvc\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\mjs\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GuestResponseMvc\GuestResponseMvc\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\mjs\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GuestResponseMvc\GuestResponseMvc\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\mjs\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GuestResponseMvc\GuestResponseMvc\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\mjs\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GuestResponseMvc\GuestResponseMvc\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\mjs\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GuestResponseMvc\GuestResponseMvc\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\mjs\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GuestResponseMvc\GuestResponseMvc\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\mjs\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GuestResponseMvc\GuestResponseMvc\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\mjs\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GuestResponseMvc\GuestResponseMvc\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\mjs\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GuestResponseMvc\GuestResponseMvc\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\mjs\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GuestResponseMvc\GuestResponseMvc\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\mjs\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GuestResponseMvc\GuestResponseMvc\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\mjs\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GuestResponseMvc\GuestResponseMvc\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\mjs\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GuestResponseMvc\GuestResponseMvc\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\mjs\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GuestResponseMvc\GuestResponseMvc\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\mjs\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GuestResponseMvc\GuestResponseMvc\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\mjs\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GuestResponseMvc\GuestResponseMvc\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\mjs\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GuestResponseMvc\GuestResponseMvc\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\mjs\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GuestResponseMvc\GuestResponseMvc\obj\Debug\GuestResponseMvc.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\mjs\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GuestResponseMvc\GuestResponseMvc\obj\Debug\GuestResponseMvc.dll
c:\users\mjs\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GuestResponseMvc\GuestResponseMvc\obj\Debug\GuestResponseMvc.pdb
